app-office/libreoffice no-tmpfs.conf
www-client/firefox no-tmpfs.conf
www-client/chromium no-tmpfs.conf
sys-devel/llvm no-tmpfs.conf



# The list
dev-libs/glib no-lto.conf
app-admin/gam-server no-lto.conf
app-crypt/mit-krb5 no-lto.conf
app-emulation/virtualbox no-lto.conf
app-text/rarian no-lto.conf
dev-lang/perl no-lto.conf
dev-lang/ruby no-lto.conf
dev-libs/elfutils no-lto.conf
dev-python/notify-python no-lto.conf
dev-python/numpy no-lto.conf
dev-qt/qtscript no-lto.conf
dev-qt/qtwebkit no-lto.conf
dev-tex/luatex no-lto.conf
dev-vcs/cvs no-lto.conf
media-libs/alsa-lib no-lto.conf
media-libs/x264 no-lto.conf
media-sound/pulseaudio no-lto.conf
media-sound/wavpack no-lto.conf
media-video/ffmpeg no-lto.conf
media-video/libav no-lto.conf
media-video/mplayer2 no-lto.conf
sys-apps/hwinfo no-lto.conf
sys-apps/pciutils no-lto.conf
sys-devel/llvm no-lto.conf
www-client/chromium no-lto.conf
www-client/firefox no-lto.conf
x11-base/xorg-server no-lto.conf
x11-drivers/xf86-video-intel no-lto.conf
x11-libs/cairo no-lto.conf
x11-libs/wxGTK no-lto.conf
sys-libs/glibc no-lto.conf
dev-libs/glib no-lto.conf

# My list
*/gcc no-lto.conf
cross-*/* no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libaio no-lto.conf
net-print/cups-filters no-lto.conf

# Failed -e world
#sys-process/runit
#cross-avr/avr-libc
#media-libs/libvpx
#sys-fs/ufsutils
#dev-libs/boost
#app-text/libmwaw
#x11-misc/x11vnc
#dev-qt/qtgui
#sys-boot/syslinux
#games-simulation/crashtest
#sys-devel/binutils
#sys-apps/paxctl
#net-misc/tightvnc
#cross-avr/gcc
#cross-armv7a-hardfloat-linux-gnueabi/glibc
#sys-libs/pam
#net-p2p/bitcoind
#dev-haskell/network
#dev-libs/apr
#sys-fs/btrfs-progs
#gnome-base/libbonobo
#x11-libs/gtkglext
#sys-devel/distcc
#x11-misc/virtualgl
#net-print/cups-filters
#net-p2p/bitcoin-qt
#dev-libs/libfreenect
#app-admin/sudo
#mail-mta/nullmailer
#dev-libs/weston
#app-arch/p7zip
#dev-util/codeblocks
#media-sound/audacity
#sci-electronics/gspiceui
#media-video/vlc
#net-libs/webkit-gtk
#app-emulation/virtualbox
